Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-cs-522-assignment-1-my-first-app
<br>
The Android developer website provides a wealth of information about Android. To get you started, it contains instructions for building and running your first Android app:http://developer.android.com/training/basics/firstapp/index.htmlThis exercise involves:• Building an Android app with a user interface (activity).• Accepting user input in the app.• Launching a second activity from the first activity, to echo the input.For this assignment, you should do the exercise of building and running this app. Configure the target platform for the app to be Android 10.0 API Level 29 (Q). Modify the name of the  app, which is displayed in the title bar of the app, to include your name. For example, if your name is Humphrey Bogart, then the title bar during execution should show something like“Humphrey Bogart’s First App.”You should run the app on a virtual Android device of your choice, or on your own physicaldevice if you prefer.Once you have your code working, please follow these instructions for submitting your assignment:1. Create a zip archive file, named after you, containing a directory with your name. E.g. ifyour name is Humphrey Bogart, then name the directory Humphrey_Bogart.2. In that directory you should provide the Android Studio project for your Android app.3. Also include in the directory a completed rubric where you self-evaluate yoursubmission.4. In addition, record a short mpeg or Quicktime video of a demonstration of yourdeployment working. Make sure that your name appears in the video. It should appearin the title bar of the app while it is running. Do not provide private information such asyour email or cwid in the video.Your solution should be uploaded via the Canvas classroom. Your solution should consist ofa zip archive with one folder, identified by your name. Within that folder, you should haveone Android project, for the app you have built. You should also provide a completed rubricfor your solution, as well as a video showing the app working.